README.md, before:

## aegit_Template is a playground to test & learn to use aegit
You can find the aegit repostory here: https://github.com/peterennis/aegit

## Quickstart

This is assuming you have already setup a GitHub account.

Minimum requirement is Microsoft Access 2010.

1. Fork this repo https://github.com/peterennis/aegit_Template
2. Clone it to your local workspace
3. In the project folder rename the file **aegit_Template.accd** to **aegit_Template.accdb** and run the file **aegit_Template.accdb**
	1. The file **.gitignore** is set to ignore **accdb** files so this work around allows the template file to be available.
4. Open aegit_Template.accdb and open the module **aebasTEST_aegit_template_expClass** in the VBA editor
5. Run the command **aegit_Template_EXPORT** in the Immediate Window
7. Run Compact and Repair
> *IMPORTANT* - Make a backup copy of the database beforehand (Ctr-C, Ctrl-V ***OR*** File -> Save as -> Advanced -> Back Up Database)
8. Review the output in **.\src** and **.\src\xml**
9. Commit and push the changes to GitHub
10. Edit, Export, Compact (Backup), Commit, Rinse & Repeat

## Using aegit with your own database

1. Fork aegit repo to your local workspace: https://github.com/peterennis/aegit
2. Import adaept revision control.accdb to your database and import module **aebasChangeLog_aegit_expClass**, **aebasTEST_aegit_expClass**, and also the class module **aegit_expClass**. 
3. In **aebasTEST_aegit_expClass** uncomment and update the public constants that define the path to your project as appropriate. The default values will export data in the project folder that was selected when cloning.
4. Comment out the following code in **aegit_EXPORT**:
```
    If Application.VBE.ActiveVBProject.Name <> "aegit" Then
        MsgBox "This is not the aegit project!", vbCritical, "aegit_EXPORT"
        Exit Sub
    End If
```
5. Run the command **aegit_EXPORT** in the Immediate Window

**NOTE:** The class is configured to EXCLUDE the aegit files from export.
  
**NOTE:** Your initial commit of changes will look similar to this
[Second Commit](https://github.com/peterennis/aegit_Template/commit/dd71ff55a71372abcbeadec7ce250f09ff4ad6bd)

If you look at **src/frm_Dummy.frm.txt** there is binary encoding for ImageData
and that is a result of the "Name AutoCorrect Option" setting of Access. So get
rid of it, *then may you live long and prosper!*

*File* -> *Options* -> *Current Database* -> *Name AutoCorrect Options*

>Uncheck: Track name AutoCorrect info

>Uncheck: Perform name AutoCorrect

Commit message:

update readme using aegit with own database

README.md, after:

## aegit_Template is a playground to test & learn to use aegit
You can find the aegit repostory here: https://github.com/peterennis/aegit

## Quickstart

This is assuming you have already setup a GitHub account.

Minimum requirement is Microsoft Access 2010.

1. Fork this repo https://github.com/peterennis/aegit_Template
2. Clone it to your local workspace
3. In the project folder rename the file **aegit_Template.accd** to **aegit_Template.accdb** and run the file **aegit_Template.accdb**
	1. The file **.gitignore** is set to ignore **accdb** files so this work around allows the template file to be available.
4. Open aegit_Template.accdb and open the module **aebasTEST_aegit_template_expClass** in the VBA editor
5. Run the command **aegit_Template_EXPORT** in the Immediate Window
7. Run Compact and Repair
> *IMPORTANT* - Make a backup copy of the database beforehand (Ctr-C, Ctrl-V ***OR*** File -> Save as -> Advanced -> Back Up Database)
8. Review the output in **.\src** and **.\src\xml**
9. Commit and push the changes to GitHub
10. Edit, Export, Compact (Backup), Commit, Rinse & Repeat

## Using aegit with your own database

1. Fork aegit repo to your local workspace: https://github.com/peterennis/aegit
2. Import adaept revision control.accdb to your database and import module **aebasChangeLog_aegit_expClass**, **aebasTEST_aegit_expClass**, and also the class module **aegit_expClass**. 

3. Rename **TEMPLATE_EXPORT** to **[your database]_EXPORT**

Update constants in the function, create appropriate files( src, xml, xmldata ) and point the paths to it.

4. Run the command **[your database]_EXPORT** in the Immediate Window

**NOTE:** The class is configured to EXCLUDE the aegit files from export.
  
**NOTE:** Your initial commit of changes will look similar to this
[Second Commit](https://github.com/peterennis/aegit_Template/commit/dd71ff55a71372abcbeadec7ce250f09ff4ad6bd)

If you look at **src/frm_Dummy.frm.txt** there is binary encoding for ImageData
and that is a result of the "Name AutoCorrect Option" setting of Access. So get
rid of it, *then may you live long and prosper!*

*File* -> *Options* -> *Current Database* -> *Name AutoCorrect Options*

>Uncheck: Track name AutoCorrect info

>Uncheck: Perform name AutoCorrect
